you are listening to the best of the
real wine ups vol 8 as heard on the real
breakfast area sector Brocklebank with a
glamorous delivery for the Brit Awards
oh hello production hello they are
checked on Hector Brocklebank HB
enterprises hello hello there though
unarmed in Milan at the moment have got
an ETA of 1500 I'm a-comin on Wallach
Road well right right okay what are you
delivering please
well a little or has the vet and trainer
from whoops needs ooh arrived yet can
you repeat that please
sorry darlin I'm seein how's the vet
andhe trainer from whipsnade arrived yet
vets and trainer from Whipsnade have
arrived at suit I don't think we're
sensing anything it would regard for the
Brit Award the British Awards I'm right
and you're at what gate at the moment he
was delivering something ie I've got an
ETA of 1300 but it says here on the form
that I kind of drop off the cargo I know
that the vet and what right so you will
keep dropping off exactly a giraffe and
a Vietnamese pot-bellied pig a giraffe
and a pig
Gerald the giraffe and Vinnie the
Vietnamese pot-bellied pig to be precise
bear with my colleague Lisa's just
trying to locate where we forget all
about you
we've got we couldn't we're talking to
live animals here are we just olam well
yes we talking live animals in transit
or in transit just know with me
now we're not expecting any juror also
cake no just the one no we're not
expecting a draw for a peg one of each
species
yeah we're not expecting anything do you
have any more information so this is the
Brit Awards okay and none of it sets or
the party are not expecting a giraffe or
a peg well this is apparently for
tonight for the show our shores are
assure they are tonight it's their visit
a hit tonight can you tell me who
ordered the drama cake darling I've got
them he'll just know and they were
picked up this morning at 9 o'clock but
I support the day right LG okay do you
have a contact who ordered the pig and
the giraffe part of the
yes I know but who ordered it do you
have a contact name and the contact
number just hold on I'll go with you
hold on yes live says wit from Whitney
which they do I've asked them to get
I've got one comment of each one of
these cc's
yes these were picked up at whoops near
this morning at 9 o'clock yeah but I
need to know who I need a name of who
ordered the pig and the drop here I mean
I need a contact name yeah because when
as far as we're concerned it's a
production office we're not expecting
anything all I know just know darling is
that it's for tonight and it's on it
it's yeah I mean you're absolutely right
there is a show but what I'm saying is
we're not expecting to live animals at
all and I think the stage manager might
go slightly crazy
there's about it do you know who it's
for and if so who ordered it yonder
standard I've got them here yes
I need from you I need to know who are
you you ordered the animals from
whipsnade zoo okay so until I find out I
can't let you in the part of the stage
so and I have the information he'll say
but I need to know for what set I need
to know from you who ordered them I need
record company I need to know which
artists your eyes officer Neves loads
are a store look I'm with the set
designers here my office and we do not
have any pot-bellied pigs but orders
coming in on the back of the giraffe and
Prince is gonna mark a dramatic entrance
on Vinnie the pig easy boy
straight fro more from Hector coming up
soon on the best of the real one